okay I'm with a show people come on
there's no time to lick their wounds the
team must deliver the Rhino to their new
home these rhinos are going to go to a
farm which is probably about 200
kilometres away but it is dirt road so
it's going to take us about three three
and a half hours to get there on Aundre
game specially Rhino will export their
animals of all the way to the farm I
think it's really important for riding
their special animals
the partition separating mom and calf in
the truck is open so they can run out
together
an angry Rhino and she takes it out on
her car
above the cries of the calf Sean and
Emma do all they can to get mom out
you
Oh horrible female yeah
really was a horrible girl we ever seen
up before never ever never seen that
you